I'll do this myself, it's not that I didn't think about it,
It's not Zan'er, I'm telling you this once,
If you take the initiative to divorce, Mingdu Group will share half of your care.
Don't think about anything else, why?
Just without our father,
Where is your Mingdu Group?
Think of it as watching your father's birth of Song Dynasty,
I brought you in because I could wash my son.
It has been three years since I met you and Jiang Ming.
There is no emotion at all. Now my son is cured of his illness.
Regardless of your eye shadow, this marriage is not interesting.
Good luck to your wife and those people
Actually, what the hell?
A stranger can do such a thing
It’s a pity that your sister-in-law’s design
Don't disturb me. Fu's design